README.md, before:

# github-profile-readme-template
A template for adding and updating a personal readme page for your github,
- fork this repo / Download to your machine
- Open README.MD and copy the code.
- Create a new repo and name it your github username exactly how it appears.
- Create and open your README.md in your new repo.
- Paste the code from this README.md.
- Go through and edit to make it your own custom README.md for your profile.
- If there is a badge you'd like thats not included you can always google it. Or check out https://github.com/MikeCodesDotNET/ColoredBadges. These badges were included for you to see how they are styled and just to showcase a few of the very many different options you can add.

<!--  -->
- The links above the stats card at the bottom just need your own personal URL to direct to your pages. 

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm "Awesome Builder"</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate Full-Stack developer from "Hometown"</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=nathannosudo&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="nathannosudo" /> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy"><img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=nathannosudo" alt="nathannosudo" /></a> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://twitter.com/nosudo_" target="blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/nosudo_?logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge" alt="nosudo_" /></a> </p>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ["project name"](https://code-blooded-dev.surge.sh)

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **React, Redux, Node, and PostgreSQL**

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ["project name"](https://code-blooded-dev.surge.sh)

- 🤝 I’m looking for help with ["project name"](https://code-blooded-dev.surge.sh)

- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at [Link TO Portfolio](Link TO Portfolio)

- 📝 I regulary write articles on [Link TO Blog](Link TO Blog)

- 💬 Ask me about **"skills you are confident in"**

- 📫 How to reach me **example@NathansTheBomb.com**

- 📄 Know about my experiences [Link TO Resume](Link TO Resume)

- ⚡ Fun fact **List some fun facts about yourself!**

<p align="left">
<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<a href="https://codepen.io/codepen username" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/codepen.svg" alt="codepen username" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://dev.to/dev. to username" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/dev-dot-to.svg" alt="dev. to username" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/nosudo_" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/twitter.svg" alt="nosudo_" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/linkedin username" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/linkedin.svg" alt="linkedin username" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/stackoverflow user id" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/stackoverflow.svg" alt="stackoverflow user id" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://codesandbox.com/codesandbox username" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/codesandbox.svg" alt="codesandbox username" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://fb.com/facebook username" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/facebook.svg" alt="facebook username" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/instagram usrname" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/instagram.svg" alt="instagram usrname" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://dribbble.com/dribbble username" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/dribbble.svg" alt="dribbble username" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://medium.com/@nathandavid719" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/medium.svg" alt="@nathandavid719" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/youtube channel name" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/youtube.svg" alt="youtube channel name" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.hackerrank.com/hackerrank username" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/hackerrank.svg" alt="hackerrank username" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.leetcode.com/leetcode username" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/leetcode.svg" alt="leetcode username" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="/rss feed url" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/rss.svg" alt="rss feed url" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://developer.android.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/android/android-original-wordmark.svg" alt="android" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://babeljs.io/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/babeljs/babeljs-icon.svg" alt="babel" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/gnu_bash/gnu_bash-icon.svg" alt="bash" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="" target="_blank"> <img src="https://download.blender.org/branding/community/blender_community_badge_white.svg" alt="blender" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain.svg" alt="bootstrap" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://canvasjs.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Hardik0307/Hardik0307/master/assets/canvasjs-charts.svg" alt="canvasjs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://cassandra.apache.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/apache_cassandra/apache_cassandra-icon.svg" alt="cassandra" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cs/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" alt="csharp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.djangoproject.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/django/django-original.svg" alt="django" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.electronjs.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/electron/electron-original.svg" alt="electron" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://expressjs.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" alt="express" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://cloud.google.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/google_cloud/google_cloud-icon.svg" alt="gcp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://gulpjs.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/gulp/gulp-plain.svg" alt="gulp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://hadoop.apache.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/apache_hadoop/apache_hadoop-icon.svg" alt="hadoop" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/apache_hive/apache_hive-icon.svg" alt="hive" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.jenkins.io" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/jenkins/jenkins-icon.svg" alt="jenkins" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.perl.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://api.iconify.design/logos-perl.svg" alt="perl" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.photoshop.com/en" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/photoshop/photoshop-plain.svg" alt="photoshop" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.php.net" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/php/php-original.svg" alt="php" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.postgresql.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="postgresql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pugjs.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/pug.svg" alt="pug" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="" target="_blank"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0b/Qt_logo_2016.svg" alt="qt" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactnative.dev/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://reactnative.dev/img/header_logo.svg" alt="reactnative" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://redux.js.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/redux/redux-original.svg" alt="redux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://sass-lang.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" alt="sass" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.sketch.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/sketchapp/sketchapp-icon.svg" alt="sketch" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://unity.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/unity3d/unity3d-icon.svg" alt="unity" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.adobe.com/products/xd.html" target="_blank"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/adobe-xd.svg" alt="xd" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=nathannosudo&layout=compact" alt="nathannosudo" /></p>

[![Github Stats By Anurag](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=NathanNoSudo&theme=radical&show_icons=true&count_private=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

Commit message:

added issues link and instructions

README.md, after:

# github-profile-readme-template
A template for adding and updating a personal readme page for your github! Be sure to leave a Star!

## Instructions 
**Follow these steps:**
- fork this repo / Download to your machine
- Open README.MD and copy the code.
- Create a new repo and name it your github username exactly how it appears.
- Create and open your README.md in your new repo.
- Paste the code from this README.md.
- Go through and edit to make it your own custom README.md for your profile.
- If there is a badge you'd like thats not included you can always google it. Or check out https://github.com/MikeCodesDotNET/ColoredBadges. These badges were included for you to see how they are styled and just to showcase a few of the very many different options you can add.
- The links above the stats card at the bottom just need your own personal URL to direct to your pages. 

## Qustions or Issues
For questions or issues open a new issue by [CLICKING HERE!](https://github.com/NathanNOSudo/github-profile-readme-template/issues/new/choose)
Alternativley click issues at the top of the page and then select new issue on the right side of the page.
**Please check if your issue or question was asked prior to submiting and please feel free to reach out to me on slack, message me via my portfolio, or Linkedin.**

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm "Awesome Builder"</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate Full-Stack developer from "Hometown"</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=nathannosudo&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="nathannosudo" /> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy"><img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=nathannosudo" alt="nathannosudo" /></a> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://twitter.com/nosudo_" target="blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/nosudo_?logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge" alt="nosudo_" /></a> </p>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ["project name"](https://code-blooded-dev.surge.sh)

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **React, Redux, Node, and PostgreSQL**

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ["project name"](https://code-blooded-dev.surge.sh)

- 🤝 I’m looking for help with ["project name"](https://code-blooded-dev.surge.sh)

- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at [Link TO Portfolio](Link TO Portfolio)

- 📝 I regulary write articles on [Link TO Blog](Link TO Blog)

- 💬 Ask me about **"skills you are confident in"**

- 📫 How to reach me **example@NathansTheBomb.com**

- 📄 Know about my experiences [Link TO Resume](Link TO Resume)

- ⚡ Fun fact **List some fun facts about yourself!**

<p align="left">
<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<a href="https://codepen.io/codepen username" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/codepen.svg" alt="codepen username" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://dev.to/dev. to username" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/dev-dot-to.svg" alt="dev. to username" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/nosudo_" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/twitter.svg" alt="nosudo_" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/linkedin username" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/linkedin.svg" alt="linkedin username" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/stackoverflow user id" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/stackoverflow.svg" alt="stackoverflow user id" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://codesandbox.com/codesandbox username" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/codesandbox.svg" alt="codesandbox username" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://fb.com/facebook username" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/facebook.svg" alt="facebook username" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/instagram usrname" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/instagram.svg" alt="instagram usrname" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://dribbble.com/dribbble username" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/dribbble.svg" alt="dribbble username" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://medium.com/@nathandavid719" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/medium.svg" alt="@nathandavid719" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/youtube channel name" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/youtube.svg" alt="youtube channel name" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.hackerrank.com/hackerrank username" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/hackerrank.svg" alt="hackerrank username" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.leetcode.com/leetcode username" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/leetcode.svg" alt="leetcode username" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="/rss feed url" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/rss.svg" alt="rss feed url" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://developer.android.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/android/android-original-wordmark.svg" alt="android" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://babeljs.io/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/babeljs/babeljs-icon.svg" alt="babel" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/gnu_bash/gnu_bash-icon.svg" alt="bash" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="" target="_blank"> <img src="https://download.blender.org/branding/community/blender_community_badge_white.svg" alt="blender" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain.svg" alt="bootstrap" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://canvasjs.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Hardik0307/Hardik0307/master/assets/canvasjs-charts.svg" alt="canvasjs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://cassandra.apache.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/apache_cassandra/apache_cassandra-icon.svg" alt="cassandra" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cs/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" alt="csharp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.djangoproject.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/django/django-original.svg" alt="django" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.electronjs.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/electron/electron-original.svg" alt="electron" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://expressjs.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" alt="express" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://cloud.google.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/google_cloud/google_cloud-icon.svg" alt="gcp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://gulpjs.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/gulp/gulp-plain.svg" alt="gulp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://hadoop.apache.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/apache_hadoop/apache_hadoop-icon.svg" alt="hadoop" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/apache_hive/apache_hive-icon.svg" alt="hive" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.jenkins.io" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/jenkins/jenkins-icon.svg" alt="jenkins" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.perl.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://api.iconify.design/logos-perl.svg" alt="perl" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.photoshop.com/en" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/photoshop/photoshop-plain.svg" alt="photoshop" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.php.net" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/php/php-original.svg" alt="php" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.postgresql.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="postgresql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pugjs.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/pug.svg" alt="pug" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="" target="_blank"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0b/Qt_logo_2016.svg" alt="qt" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactnative.dev/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://reactnative.dev/img/header_logo.svg" alt="reactnative" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://redux.js.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/redux/redux-original.svg" alt="redux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://sass-lang.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://devicons.github.io/devicon/devicon.git/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" alt="sass" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.sketch.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/sketchapp/sketchapp-icon.svg" alt="sketch" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://unity.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/unity3d/unity3d-icon.svg" alt="unity" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.adobe.com/products/xd.html" target="_blank"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/adobe-xd.svg" alt="xd" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=nathannosudo&layout=compact" alt="nathannosudo" /></p>

[![Github Stats By Anurag](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=NathanNoSudo&theme=radical&show_icons=true&count_private=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
